RVAdev Slack Team Code of Conduct

The Short Version

We are dedicated to providing an inclusive and harassment-free experience for everyone regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, age, religion, or socioeconomic status. We welcome participation and do not tolerate harassment of participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any venue, including talks. Participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the group at the discretion of the organizers.


About this Code of Conduct

This code of conduct is from the RVAdev organizers to proactively create a safe and inclusive environment for participants of the RVAdev Slack Team. Organizers implement this Code of Conduct by doing the following:

Link this Code of Conduct to the main page of the organization.
Provide contact information of an Organizer with the Code of Conduct link.
Contributors to this Code of Conduct will be provided upon request. If you have comments or would like to contribute, you can submit a note or a pull request in the issues area. 


Anti-harassment Policy

Harassment includes verbal comments that reinforce social structures of domination -- related to gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, age, religion, or socioeconomic status -- as well as sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the group. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact organizers immediately.


Organizer Policy

Warnings

Any organizer can issue a verbal warning to a participant that their behavior violates the anti-harassment policy. Warnings should be reported to the RVAdev organizers as soon as practical. 


Expulsion

A participant may be expelled by the decision of any organizer for whatever reasons they deem sufficient. However, here are some general guidelines for when a participant should be expelled:

A third offense resulting in a warning from other participants
Continuing to harass after any "No" or "Stop" instruction
A pattern of harassing behavior, with or without warnings
